com.safetynet.integritycheck.R
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$drawable
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$style
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$mipmap
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$string
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$array
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int purple_200
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int teal_200
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int app_bg
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int teal_700
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$array: int com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$string: int app_name
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int black
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int purple_500
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$style: int Theme_IntegrityCheck
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int white
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_round
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$array: int com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs_prod
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$array: int com_google_android_gms_fonts_certs_dev
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: int purple_700
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$style: R$style()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$color: R$color()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R: R()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$array: R$array()
com.safetynet.integritycheck.R$string: R$string()
